This is a head-gum original.
Spread love. It's the Brooklyn way.
Nice. Wow.
Actually, I messed that up. It was supposed to be spread legs. It's the Brooklyn way.
We're doing back-to-back episodes for the first time I would do it.
You didn't have to say that.
Obviously.
Did you bring a costume change?
I did.
Joel and I did.
I brought several.
Just in case.
Oh wow.
I like this outfit.
I wanted to be on two different episodes.
I didn't bring enough outfits to have an outfit change today.
And then have enough for tomorrow and Sunday.
Okay.
Repeat that.
Yeah.
Because you're wearing it for one an hour.
That's not a dirty outfit.
You don't know.
We're in a clean studio.
Yeah, you have my body.
Mm-hmm.
It's secretions.
That's an extra central.
The gym.
What are we 30 seconds in?
And we're going to...
Are you from M.I.?
Um...
Murdy, you were just kind of fiddling with nonsense.
Yeah.
That's a good start to the day.
Fiddling with nonsense.
Always.
Great.
The mic stand was weird.
And I made it worse.
Have you guys all been like me?
Uh, toying with the idea of joy?
Always.
Sort of.
Circling it, but never really finding it.
Yeah.
Definitely.
We were talking about signal rings.
Joel would jump about them.
Yeah.
And I think my family crest is going to be the serpent eating its own tail.
Is it?
Yes.
Okay.
You can choose your family crest.
You can make a family crest today.
Yeah.
Is this our family crest?
Oh, no.
This is me starting my little James Klan.
It's going to be unbelievable, Patrick.
I mean, four little Tykes running around, rolling in the dirt and fucking
Ulster County eating their own tails.
Yeah.
Wow.
I mean, the public school system of theirs unbelievable.
Great.
Yeah.
Let me tell you the most fucked up part of American politics.
Mm-hmm.
Is that public education funded by income tax?
Yeah.
Nicola Named.
Right that book?
Oh, no.
How you were just saying that phrase?
Yeah.
Um, no.
Probably should.
I should.
If I want to speak on this at all.
Intelligently.
Anyway.
Yeah.
I'm fine without it.
I'm fine not having had.
You ordered bone broth for lunch.
Yeah, I did.
A lot of us did.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, everybody did it.
I didn't.
I wouldn't.
Because I was fine without the brodo.
Same.
You delivered that as if it were a pun.
And it's not.
You're just saying you're you're fine without bone broth.
That's absurd.
Yes.
That's a big brand of bone broth.
Wait, are we ordering it?
Because you're sort of recovering from illness?
Yes.
Yeah.
So what happened?
It sounded like you were ravaged.
I was completely ravaged for three days.
Did you get food poisoning from like a birthday dinner?
I don't know if it was food poisoning.
I don't know what it was.
But I couldn't eat or drink.
I was just very dehydrated and tired.
Yeah.
And then yesterday I slept about 16 straight hours.
It was awesome.
That's good.
Yeah.
I don't like when food goes to waste.
And Johnny and our friends went to dinner when I landed on Wednesday.
And we went to Winson.
Nice.
And we got the big chicken bun.
Obviously.
And we cut it six ways.
And one of the tops of one of the six pieces fell on the ground.
We're eating outside.
And I almost had it.
Five second row.
Yeah.
But then yesterday I was on a walk near here and saw a dog sort of
relieving itself on the sidewalk.
And I was like, that is why I'm proud that I didn't.
I'm proud of you, too.
Open-faced.
Would you have done it in LA?
No.
Yeah.
There's just something magical about New York City.
That made you want to do it.
That made me want to, yeah.
Sort of, you know, kiss the ground that of, you know,
the heroes that have roamed these hallowed holes.
Yeah.
Cool.
You know what?
Yeah.
Cool.
What is this?
I don't know.
I don't know if it's Joe.
I don't know if it's Maria being pissed at me already.
What did I do for you today?
I don't know if it's Maria.
All right.
I ain't mad at you.
I guess, yeah, let's keep it going with this dumb ass.
Alright.
Uh, my bond of the week is Anna Darmus from Blonde to Bond.
Nice.
Wow. She was already in a Bond movie. Are you okay with that?
She doesn't know time to die.
Really?
Yeah.
What did she do in no time to die?
She had like a fun little moment.
She acted or a great dress.
And then she's gonna piece out.
Huh.
Yeah.
That's too big of an act to be an Easter egg.
It wasn't an Easter egg.
It was just a full roll.
Yeah.
One of the leads on a poster for sure.
This is so fucked up.
I saw that movie.
I think I just didn't know who she was until Blonde.
How?
You didn't see that nice out?
I saw a nice out.
Okay.
Yeah.
Also, I'm seeing this for the first time ever.
Didn't we build out this room or this room is here?
This room is here.
Also, we as generous.
I wasn't.
Yeah.
There you were not.
Vintage door handle.
What is it?
Hardware.
Yeah.
That would have most likely been a Jake decision.
And I doubt it's vintage.
It woke up.
It was just foe vintage.
That's even worse.
That doesn't fit the vibe of the room.
No.
Everything's like this kind of forest heel.
Right.
For the audio.
Does it give me like which undertones?
Honestly.
The green on my yellow skin.
Oh, no.
That's what you're saying.
You have jaundice?
No.
Under the right circumstances, I might look that way.
Under the right lighting.
Yeah.
I'm concerned.
I haven't recorded in here yet.
Does it bring on my eyes?
Yes, Joel.
Actually, yeah.
People say that when I wear a green.
Oh, I see it.
I see it.
Are you okay?
It's like peak Joel.
This is peak Joel.
Before I started recording, you said that you peaked early.
Yeah.
We haven't done enough improv warm ups for you.
Do you want to do the five, six, seven, eight times?
I don't even know how to do it.
Why do you want to do it?
You want to do it.
You just shake your limbs out.
We'll do that later.
Trust me.
Shake your limbs out.
So, Joel, you were introduced to me by pile.
Or either by pile or Johnny as like a tech prodigy.
Would you describe yourself that way?
No.
I think this is also the second episode.
I've been on where it's the day after we took down the site for an extended period of time.
What happened this time was partially me.
And last time was entirely.
Does anybody else have any bonds of the week?
We've gone to the week.
Let's go with Emma Darcy.
They are in house with the dragon.
Recently going viral for the signature drink in a groany spagliato.
Oh, yeah.
Stunning.
Yeah.
I love the TikTok memes.
The ones I'm getting are all about.
Yeah.
Go on.
No, yeah.
No.
It's like sexual positions.
What TikTok for the family wins?
I don't really show me.
I'm on like kink talk and fashion talk.
All right.
Interesting.
Yeah.
But yeah.
I think they'd be great.
Yeah.
Joel.
You don't need to.
Kinta Branson.
That would be amazing.
I think she would nail it.
Yeah.
As she does everything that she.
She is great.
It's time for a green bond.
I guess she just won an Emmy.
It's not like that.
She does.
Yeah.
But she's doing a bond with green eyes.
Hmm.
Is that you?
It could be.
He.
He just wants people to call out his eyes.
It's what I'm picking up.
Anyways, mine is Jamie Lee Curtis.
Yes.
Did you see Halloween on?
No, yet.
Did you see her New York Times shoot?
Yes.
No.
What a babe.
She's so hot.
I know.
She's accomplished.
Talented.
Beautiful.
Love's activity a yogurt.
No.
What an era.
Hmm.
She got hundreds of thousands of dollars for that.
From activity.
Yeah.
She's swimming in yogurt money.
Was it yogurt?
Activia.
Yeah.
The stomach bang.
Oh.
Did I get a reaction from activity a yogurt?
No.
Yeah.
Because Marie can notice.
I've been crushing gogurts lately.
Honestly.
Maybe.
It's just like bad ice cream.
There's no way there's like culture in that.
Well, are you freezing?
Well, I mean, there's plenty of culture around gogurts.
Do you guys remember those old fruit by the foot commercials?
Where like someone has it in their mouth and they're like,
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
That's how I eat gogurts.
That was the shit.
That was like, you know.
Because then I was like, we go to giant eagle.
Shout out.
Pittsburgh and Cleveland.
Great.
I would just get the fruit by the foot to do the thing.
Sure.
Well.
Our patients are not dead.
Says cryogenic freezing facility.
Housing a hundred and ninety nine humans on ice.
Where is it?
I didn't click on the link.
It was on the headline.
And I wanted to kind of post this question to you guys.
Would you ever freeze yourself to stay alive?
Keeping in mind, there's no science behind that.
Right.
Future on the style.
Yeah.
Yeah, why not?
Do we have to?
Like, when are you going to get the frosted?
There you go.
And it's Sam.
So I'm like, bro.
Yeah.
Frosted.
Typing in the weight.
Other than sixty four pound.
Fifty seven pound.
Um.
You would do it.
I mean, I'd like to know how long I'm going to be frozen for.
I feel like that's an unanswerable question.
So like, so it's up to someone else's discretion.
Yeah.
It's like, Austin Powers.
They had to wait till it was time to bring it back.
Right.
I think there's a world in which I would.
Yeah.
Like see what the world is like 250 years now.
Would you go like as you are now or would you age until you're like,
I think I might die.
Let's freeze myself.
I would probably change outfits first.
Okay.
So not right now.
So you have enough outfits to change.
I mean.
Um.
I could do right now.
I feel like you want to be in your physical peak to withstand the cryogenic
chamber, which is probably right around where I'm at.
What's going to happen is you're going to freeze to death.
And then you're never going to come back.
You're going to be 27.
Yeah.
I guess I would.
27.
I would love to like know.
If these people left any like video messages before they were frozen.
I just any sort of like correspondence like I've made this decision to do this.
Yeah.
I think that would be really interesting.
I think you should have host clean house.
Me.
Yeah.
Why?
So let me do my best.
American.
My name's Marika Brownlee and this is Clean House.
Can we get Marika to do a take?
Oh yeah.
I'm going to.
Uh.
My name is Marika Brownlee and this is Clean House.
Very good.
Never mind.
Audition wasn't good enough.
Do you need notes for her?
Yeah.
I love it.
Beyond the scope of repair.
Ouch.
MLB signs historic CBD deal with Charlotte's web, the CBD company.
Saw that.
We've got two baseball heads behind the boards.
How does this change the future of America's past time?
It will be slightly buzzed.
Well, they've been easing for years.
That's true.
Mike Judge has, yeah.
Chape stick galore.
I've never heard of drugs and baseball.
That's true.
It is the peer sport.
Yeah.
Um.
What else is pine tarry even used for?
Oh, I did look into tar and feathering.
Like the history of tar and feathering.
Because I was like, that's barbaric.
It really makes me sad.
But they didn't like cover them in, like,
asphalt.
It was pine tar and they were just rubbed on their chest.
And then feathers.
And most of the time.
So really, you just would lose some chest there.
Right.
You weren't like boiled to death.
Yeah.
Do you ever see the John Adam series with Paul Jumonti?
Of course.
Also read the book by David McCullough.
And I went to his house on Martha's Vineyard.
That was a field trip.
Wow.
Holy shit.
Okay.
I thought you were like invited as a dinner guest.
He's dead now.
No.
By the estate.
Right.
He invited.
No.
Not dead.
He's frozen in a cry.
That's probably true.
Um.
Also, what does this mean for the future of hemp?
A lot more of it will be incorporated into the outfits that they play.
The costumes that baseball players play.
What's it called?
Yeah.
I believe the only sport where the manager is also where the uniform.
The costume.
All wrong.
Um.
That was a wash.
A recent daily male article argues that nobody in 2022 should be using the thumbs-up emoji.
Um.
Saying that it points to being old and out of touch.
So I guess I wanted to know what emoji are you.
I like the one that's kind of the like not the yon.
There's kind of a little smoke coming out of their mouth.
Yeah.
The like.
Like that.
I mean, yon and then.
Yeah.
I have a emoji related question because this has been a point of contention
and some of my group chats.
Um.
The upside down smiling face emoji.
Mm-hmm.
What connotation does that hold to you?
Like if someone were to send you that, what would your first thought be?
Like if it was.
I'm having a great day upside down smiley face.
It's sarcasm.
Okay.
Yeah.
If someone if you said something and someone just replied with an upside
down smiley face.
Uh.
They don't love it.
They don't like it.
Yeah.
I think it's a little flirty.
What?
Yeah.
Skipping drills.
You flirt with the upside down smiling?
Maybe.
But I definitely have received it.
Oh.
flirtatious.
Okay.
Um.
Unless it was sarcasm, I guess.
Yeah.
I.
One of my friends uses it.
As.
Almost like a commiseration type of.
Respond.
Collaborate.
Of course.
Like.
I don't know.
I was.
I agree.
No.
In this most recent conversation.
I said that.
I didn't know when I was going to.
We were like planning.
When we were going to watch a movie.
And I was like, I don't know.
I'm going to be home.
And the response was an upside down smiley face.
They're post.
That's what I thought.
Correct.
I wasn't that.
It was like.
I'm.
I'm commiserating about.
Me.
Not knowing what I was going to be home.
It's like that does not read.
The same way to me.
But I thought of this because similarly.
The thumbs up.
Response.
Yeah.
On.
I message.
I know.
Sometimes is grading for people as well.
I think it's fine.
But I know some people think that's sarcastic too.
Oh, I use it.
That's sarcasticly.
I only thumbs up things that I'm like.
That's crazy.
I use it.
What is like.
I use it for knowledge.
I mean, I will use it for acknowledgement.
But it's like acknowledgement.
But also like.
Fuck you, dude.
Just like.
Yeah.
I updated this.
That's sort of thing.
Just mostly.
I mean, regards to talking to Marty for being on.
Happy birthday.
Five zero.
Yeah.
He did just buy it now.
He went into Porsche.
Yeah.
But he still doesn't.
Tesla.
You can't have both.
I think if you get the vintage Porsche,
you got to like swap the Tesla.
He's trying to.
I believe.
Okay.
If anyone wants to buy Marty's Tesla.
Why?
Yeah.
I don't know.
Wait, somebody did.
Alex Berkman's Bay wanted to buy the Tesla.
Really?
Oh, really?
It's like the fourth yon.
Well, we were saying John a lot earlier.
Like the Philly John and then you said,
John, that set me off.
Now it's just, I think in the air.
This is fucked up.
The way it's going so far.
That's fine.
I'm just going to get my drink.
It does match your outfit.
Yeah.
Thanks.
I think I'm the like realistic,
arterial heart emoji.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, I understand.
Like a human heart.
I know why.
Why is that?
Oh, because I'm full of love, but I keep it real.
Mm-hmm.
Actually, I keep it real.
Wow.
Nice plug with the young wind.
Yeah.
I auditioned for Rails pilot and got a callback
and then didn't get the part.
So I've been meeting to take that up with the realm itself.
Yeah, you should.
Him Ralph.
Maybe just like bust into their recording.
Mm-hmm.
I did fully interrupt a nad pod recording once
because I needed files for a sketch.
Very good.
Anyway.
I think that I'm the thinking emoji,
the one that has the little hand.
What does the energy behind that?
Because to me, it's like, hmm,
is that what you're going for?
No.
I think I only use it when I genuinely,
I'm conveying that I'm pondering something.
I see.
Wow.
Well, I think the main takeaway here is 60% of all
communication is lost when it's not verbal.
Yeah.
So.
I think 60% of communication is lost when it's not violent.
Mm-hmm.
Interesting.
It's a violent image.
Like yelling at someone.
Oh, that explains so much about who you are.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, yeah.
I guess, you know, non-violent, non-verbal communication.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Would you guys spend $450 on shoes that look like casts?
No.
Okay.
Did you?
No.
Great.
I've got my staples.
Things that you can wear with basically anything.
Mm-hmm.
Boots.
Also, how much does a cast cost?
Probably less than that.
Well, if you don't have insurance.
Yeah.
It's the cast or the only shoes or boots that cost more.
The show either keeps me going or makes me want to just quit it all.
Where are we this week?
The latter, of course.
Okay.
Um.
Per popular science, the key to tasty or beer might be mutant yeast.
With notes of banana.
Yeah.
And I don't know what it's dependent on.
What?
What's dependent on?
You know, we got to figure this shit out.
All right.
Let's do the fucking improv one.
What did you do?
Do some non verbal communication.
Advertising.
Except.
Uh.
The fucking, you know, one, two, three, four.
I don't know how to do it.
You teach me.
And I had to do it.
One, two, three, four.
Yeah.
One, two.
You have to take a break.
This is fucked up.
Wow.
Uh.
The only people not fucking up were Emma and Patrick.
Oh, yeah.
This show is sponsored by Better Help.
Guys, ever wish life came with a user manual.
You know, sometimes you're really stressed or you're burnt out or you're facing a problem
in any of your relationships with your family, with a partner with friends at work.
And you kind of wish that you had some tips, some tricks, some tools, ways to deal with
it, whether practically or emotionally, well, that's where therapy can come in.
And Better Help online therapy is there to help you access therapy.
Now, unfortunately, life doesn't come with a user manual, so when it's not working for you,
it's normal to feel stuck and navigating any of life's challenges can make you feel unsure,
whether it's a career change, a new relationship, becoming a parent, et cetera.
And therapists are trained to help you figure out the cause of challenging emotions and learn productive coping skills,
whether which makes therapy the closest thing to a guided tour of the complex engine called you.
I go to therapy every week.
It really does help me out.
It's definitely, as I've always said on this show, doing ads for Better Help.
It helps me show up for those around me as the best version of myself.
It can be.
And not that I was a horrible person before, but I do think that I can handle myself in all of my relationships better,
and also just feel more comfortable in my emotional self.
And just the weeks go by easier when I have therapy.
Now, as the world's largest therapy service, Better Help has matched 3 million people with professionally licensed
and vetted therapists available 100% online, plus it's affordable.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to match with a therapist.
And if things aren't clicking, you can easily switch to a new therapist at any time.
It could not be simpler.
No waiting rooms.
No traffic.
No endless searching for the right therapist.
Learn more and save 10% off your first month at betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Again, that's Better Help.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks Better Help.
Better Words.
More Round.
I was picturing like more of a DJ booth set up.
Would that be cooler?
Yes.
Damn it.
Um...
Yeah.
Oh.
Wow.
I don't mean to do this.
I've only gone dancing with Maria.
True.
I think we might have gone dancing.
We were all dancing.
Yeah.
That's true.
Well, it was more like everyone was really fucked up.
And we were all just moving.
Is it dancing?
This was on the company off site.
We're talking about it.
I was pretty sober.
I was really drunk.
I was with you.
I went to the bathroom because I needed a minute.
And that was when I realized there was like about to brown out.
And somebody was rude to me in the line to the bathroom.
And I was like, kind of come on man.
This woman at that bar.
What was it called?
Dirk.
Diggler.
No, that's um.
Dirk Hansen.
Yeah.
Dear Evan Hansen.
I was walking back from the bathroom.
So drunk.
And this woman goes, oh my god.
I love your lipstick.
And I'm like really come here.
And then I just go over to her.
And I put my lipstick on.
But you applied it as eyeliner.
Yeah.
Big heart interface.
And then I'm on her by kissing her.
Yeah.
I made out with this woman.
And then we went back to this area.
Everyone was dancing.
And I just never dancing.
And like falling over repeatedly.
Yeah.
It was a good time.
I did my classic mixed race goodbye.
Yeah.
What does that mean?
Well, you know, I'm half a Lithuanian half Indian Portuguese Malaysian.
Which is a lot of half.
Yeah.
I was a lot of halves.
I'm a 250% man.
But um, basically, if I'm really drunk, I'll just leave.
And that's everybody.
Went back to the hotel.
And then you were around a fire.
Yeah.
And then yeah.
That was a good way to sober up.
Seeing you around fire.
Was was talking to Adam Boyd.
Were you there with a pizza in Taco Bell?
Yeah.
You ordered a Taco Bell.
I put it in order for Taco Bell.
But that's when my nose started bleeding.
Yeah.
I.
Wow.
I went back with Casey and on.
Casey and I.
A pizza and I went to sleep.
And I didn't experience any of this.
You guys are you're so much smarter than I am.
Yeah.
You're able to go viral off of a necklace.
And then as a nose started bleeding.
No.
I just have a sensitive nose.
Oh.
Yeah.
I can pop that all.
Pop.
Someone popped you in the nose.
Don't get that.
I was pop, baby.
I actually get out of.
Vandro.
I actually think that was a laughing induced.
Oh, yeah.
You started cracking up.
And then your nose started bleeding.
That was so funny to me.
Right.
Which only makes start bleeding more.
Sort of a.
Right.
Before I let.
What he said.
Party.
Which was.
We should say on a like platform in the middle of a street.
I was on the street.
One of the worst city blocks I've ever experienced.
I was a purely terrible.
God's Taylor zone.
Dane leaned over and yelled at me.
You're like Neo from the matrix.
It's like I have to get out of here.
Wow.
And what way?
I don't know.
I'll never forget it.
It was wild.
It's like gotta go.
We do have to learn the gritty though.
Oh, sorry.
What if you already know how?
Do you know how?
Yeah.
It was gritty.
They're spacing here.
No.
That's why I came up with a segment.
Because they're.
Because of how cramped it is in here.
And we all have to gritty.
You know how to do it.
So why don't you go.
I you tube that exact same thing.
That's on the screen.
About three weekends ago.
Wait.
Didn't we talk about this in LA that you had been?
Yeah.
Because you did it.
After you got that.
I'm done.
Yeah.
I don't know.
What is it backwards?
Three point.
That's the one.
And then yeah, I hit the gritty on video.
Though it got cut off too soon.
Yeah.
I'm going to hear.
Let's give it like eight seconds.
I'm going to put that video right here.
No one is Joel making a backwards three pointer.
But I can't stress enough.
They cut it off too soon.
Did they really see you did the gritty afterwards?
Like you see like.
In point five.
Second of a great.
Yeah.
Um.
We can still see it.
Yeah.
I'm wearing.
Where do I go right here?
On the table.
No.
Yeah.
If I have like a.
If there's a really good moment.
Then I could like get up and do it.
But I don't feel like we have to do it right now.
And that's.
You got to create.
That's right.
Can you do it in your seat?
I mean, the the trick is sort of tap the heels.
So in the seat.
I mean, I could do it in the seat.
Yeah.
Can you do it in your sleep?
Can you do it?
That's okay.
You're.
Yeah.
I'll start it off.
There's a lot of.
It's way too much stuff.
Okay.
It's like.
It's my shoes.
Here's it remotely.
No.
It's hard.
You're not moving.
Please don't step on those remotes.
No.
I won't be doing.
Sorry.
I think we should do like maybe like a cross stream gritty.
No way.
What's the idea.
Like neutral annihilation.
What's the word for that?
Mutually sure destruction.
Yeah.
Um.
Between all of us because I just probably humiliated myself.
Not even just in front of Emma.
But in front of millions.
Thousands.
Hmm.
If it was millions, I wouldn't be here.
Oh, yes.
Unless this is my role from that.
If this goes viral from that,
I think the Marty's birthday should be officially my day.
Yeah.
I mean, it can be.
So you can come up to for sure.
Um.
Marie, get your out.
I won't be standing up.
We're doing that.
I'm back.
That's everything.
It's like it's everything.
It's everything.
No, I won't be jumping today.
The show doesn't go on until you do it.
That's fine.
I'll sit here.
I also have never actually seen someone do it until you just did it.
So.
I thought we were all taking phone breaks.
Spring and be spring bones almost here.
Oh, it's good.
I think I just saw movement.
Maybe Johnny went to grab it.
I hope he did.
I don't have my phones like the left out.
I don't know.
It's fair.
I'm willing to talk.
I just refuse to jump.
It's not jumping.
It's a gritty.
It involves jumping, which I won't be doing today.
Can you show the video of how it's done?
There wasn't a video.
I was going to walk you guys through it.
Step by step.
Well, can you do that?
Don't compromise.
It's what families do.
And business partners.
Yeah.
So you go like this.
Okay.
I think you got to start down low.
Yeah, you start down low.
And then you just kind of bring it up.
Please also compromise role.
And you kind of have it to give it to the sons.
Right.
Great.
Okay.
And you can make like a goofy mug.
You kind of got to be tapping your heels.
Yeah.
Joel.
You want to demonstrate just because I feel like they forgot?
Yeah.
You're like.
Your heels are really different.
Did I do it wrong?
I mean, you didn't move and you were on one foot.
So I'm going to go with yes.
Yeah.
I feel like I need to see what is the origin of this.
It's not related to the cost of a man.
Jersey.
The state.
Okay.
Will you do the gritty?
Not now.
This is.
We're not buying in.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
This is like the.
My bold vision included this.
Did it.
Yeah.
I was like, I'm going to get Kayla and Marie get a gritty in the New York studio.
Hmm.
Did you have a deadline on me out?
Halloween.
I knew you would do it without me.
It's not the first time.
Well, this was ruined.
Usually these episodes sour because of me.
So I actually feel happy that it's because of y'all.
Yeah, but I think inside your sad because you didn't get what you wanted.
I really wanted.
The reason it's fun is because people want to see you do the gritty.
I refuse to jump on camera.
It's not jumping.
It's just moving your legs.
Yeah.
No thank you.
I agree.
I think people would want to see Marie could do it.
Just if I do it.
I think it's better than Joel doing it.
Not that you were just that people expected to have done it.
I don't really.
He's been banished from Philadelphia.
It's so hot in here.
It is really hot.
I feel fine.
This is such a warm.
Yeah.
I'm wearing a sweater based outfit.
It's all sweater.
Yeah, I wish I'd brought a fucking change of clothes.
I almost broke.
You can use my other one.
It's not.
What do you mean?
Medium small.
What are you?
I'm a large.
Medium large.
Do you have a large t-shirt?
Maybe.
We'll talk.
Wow.
All right.
I have a white t-shirt in my.
Can I wear it?
Yeah.
Just look at that.
Compromise.
Wow.
The show lost steam when you said you wouldn't do the gritty.
I know.
This is so fucked up.
We're learning and growing.
That's nice.
I'm going to go over the top.
Welcome to Philistine Halloween.
I love Halloween.
I do.
I don't care for it.
I like the holiday.
I'm just doing just like up and costume.
I thought you hated it through a guru.
No.
Okay.
Because I was going to plan your perfect Halloween.
Oh.
I mean, you can still do it.
Okay.
Um, let's think about some things that would be Marieka's perfect Halloween.
First of all, we need to spooky venue.
We need tons of decorations.
We need lighting, appetizers and treats, Halloween cocktails and music.
Great.
That's from a list of how to plan a Halloween party.
Comprehensive?
Yeah, for my think, food 52.
Okay.
A reliable source.
Spooky venue, I'm thinking, your spare bedroom, your apartment.
That spooky?
Yeah.
Dead cockroach in there the other day, so I didn't like that.
You see, wonder who killed it?
Probably the spray that I sprayed.
Oh yeah.
I loved it.
Because I feel like nobody really goes in there.
I'd say I'd go in there on a regular basis, but it could be a scary venue
if we tried hard.
And I'm willing to try that.
It's easy, affordable, which for someone who I thought hated Halloween.
Perfect.
This episode's going really well.
It was.
I think it's just you not understanding me as a person, which is a little bit sad
for how long I've known you.
It's one specific thing.
Well, it's two things.
What's the second one that you wouldn't do the grid?
Yeah.
I think that you could potentially make me do that on camera.
I was nervous.
I wouldn't want to do it.
I just thought you would.
No.
Tons of decorations.
But you don't want to put that much effort into it.
OK.
I think a sheet over a floor lamp, the ghost.
Do you have any, like, swemitod related programs?
There's something you could put a little shop
a horse or anything or do your place.
And there's like a weird amount of bar beside.
Oh.
OK.
You could make it a bar beside ghost.
Yeah.
It's blue.
It would be blue.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, I could do that.
I don't know, maybe, like, some cheesecloth as spider webs.
Yeah, you got a lot of cheesecloth at home.
Yeah.
You know, for straining various things.
You're a cheesemonger and a barber.
It's just a salmon and a chocolate.
We could pitch, by the way.
Yeah, I thought you were.
It's perfect.
Philistine Halloween.
You'll see now in from America.
Well, it would involve some sort of cookie.
I do like cookies.
Maybe from that cookie place in the theater district.
Yeah.
It was a good cookie monster.
I think I could kill it on Sesame Street.
I think it was pretty good.
Maybe you could come dressed up as cookie monster.
Oh, yeah.
Giving cookies.
I, yeah.
I would enjoy that.
Physically, you're like, giving cookie.
Gritty onion.
Oh, yeah.
Gritty monster.
Mm-hmm.
Um, yeah.
Schmackeries.
What is that?
That's like a key place, slightly like.
What's that?
Like, core, you both love Amaro?
Yeah.
You would have, floor to ceiling Amaro.
Maybe dripping from the wall.
Oh, like, blood.
That's cool.
It's expensive.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Water it down.
Amaro, I slush.
I don't know.
That's cool.
Let's go.
But that might be too much effort.
Oh, yeah.
Someone brought the Ice Luge.
That was okay.
It was like delivered.
You didn't have to think about it.
Um.
Joel brought it.
Well, thank you, Joel.
Yeah.
The Ice Luge is just Joel freezing cold.
He's cryogenic.
Before the reason to normal temperature sliding Amaro down his back.
You can use it for the next 120 years based on the temperature.
But remember, he's not dead.
Yeah.
Lighting.
Right?
Mm-hmm.
I'm thinking you replace all the bulbs in your place with Philips Hugh.
Then it's not just for Halloween.
Yeah.
It might take some effort.
But then you can sort of curate the vibe just so you're around.
Mm-hmm.
I do like that idea.
I love a smart bulb.
I also have a lot of string lights that are like purple and pink.
Um, so that could be running a dollar store.
Okay.
Um.
I'm trying to think.
Yeah.
I don't know.
String lights.
I'll put some like crate paper over a lamp.
Sort of what we're doing the shadows.
Mm-hmm.
That's spooky.
Yeah.
That's easy.
This Philips Dean Halloween is coming together.
Um, appetizers and treats.
Candy galore.
Yep.
And you said that you don't mind candy.
Well, you asked me yesterday, say, like you asked me if I like candy yesterday, but you said it as you hate candy, right?
And candies may be one of my favorite things in this entire world.
I love candy so much.
I said an emphatic.
I love candy.
Um, I'm very passionate about it.
So any type of candy.
What's your favorite?
Uh, I'd have to break that into category of candy.
They were stuck in this favorite sweet favorite and then flex spot.
Favorite chocolate.
It's going to have to be a Hershey's cookies and cream.
Or.
Can't get my nuts.
Yeah.
I do.
Hi.
It's like the sour cream and onion chip.
I hate dark chocolate.
Um, I guess we're in other favorite candies.
Yeah.
Yeah, sure.
Um, those.
I would say that I like gummy bears more.
I did go through my can egg phase for a really long time.
I just like would house my can eggs.
Um, you know, my can I cut it falling out?
That's.
Really.
Oh, what?
The candy.
Like one of just the pink ones.
Yeah.
Those are the best ones.
They're good.
Um, I do like sour patch.
I think gummy bears rank a little higher for me.
Haribo or.
Yeah.
Just the classic care about the sour ones are good.
Just how much watermelons.
Good.
Um.
The air heads extreme bites are great.
Sour gummy worms.
A trolley gummy worm delicious.
Trotty gummy.
Uh, they'll get us the belts.
Yeah.
The sour belts are great.
Belts are great.
I love the sour.
Um, I do.
I like most chocolate bars.
Like in moderation, but I'm not a huge, like I don't.
Like I'm not like a I love chocolate person.
And I do like white chalk of the best.
Um, caramel's are great.
I love a caramel.
Uh, baby Ruth.
Payday.
Sounds like the candy's covered.
I would say.
Yeah.
She loves candy.
You brought this next Saturday, right?
Yeah.
I know what to get you.
Um.
I also think devil eggs.
No, love devil eggs.
That's a hard pass for me.
I hate it.
Devil eggs.
Oh, I love them.
But devil, you know.
Oh, God.
I'm here.
That actually just ruined my day.
I was seeing this face through this little slit.
You've seen it so long.
It's really sad.
I feel like you should hop in on the second episode.
You probably asked to go.
Why did he?
Why would he be here?
He lives two hours away.
He went to lunch with a friend that's not any of us.
Yeah.
I did once I asked him.
How's living up state?
And he said it honestly kind of lonely.
Even just something as simple as getting lunch with a friend isn't possible.
That's the same thing.
Yeah.
Not so.
Um.
No devil.
No devil eggs.
I party.
Sorry.
Part pass.
Let's round out this Philistine Halloween with cocktails and music.
For cocktails, I say, why bother?
But I guess we can make a group in a groany bowl and add purple food coloring.
Because I bet America has that for cakes or some shit.
Uh, purple food coloring.
I don't have it.
I definitely have a regular.
The regular standard colors.
I can mix to the purple.
Yeah.
I have a red.
I have a blue red food going in a groany.
Yeah.
You know, I got.
I got a little bar cart that usually behind me and my zoom.
Yeah.
I'm not sure this fits into the right category, but how about when you like skin a bunch
of grapes and put them in a bowl.
It's like a bowl of eyeballs.
A lot of effort.
But if someone did it for me, I'd appreciate it.
I guess I would it be for just touching or for eating.
You should not eat them.
I don't.
If someone skins them and everyone's putting their hands on it.
I was thinking.
I'm not really a germaphob, so I'd be fine eating them.
But I'd understand like the group decision to not eat them.
And then you would feel the pressure.
Yeah.
That's.
I think why I ended up getting so sick is because I just how
was a bowl of fake eyeballs after a party.
Just kidding.
It's good.
Troll got excited.
Um.
I'm really picky about grapes.
I don't.
Or like to eat them when they're soft.
That's for what you said.
Thanks.
What was your thoughts for what I said?
Concured.
I don't.
Two people eat conquered grapes.
I'd love to drink it.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I love drinking a conquered grape juice.
Somebody once fed me a conquered grape.
That what I thought was just a platonic lunch.
Oh.
Did you have to spit out seeds?
That's wallet.
I like a scupper not my mom.
What are you doing, man?
We have another one who needs to do it.
Take it easy.
Trying to fill woods and silence.
Um.
Music.
Pre-made Halloween.
Play those.
Sure.
I can go through the effort to book them.
Probably would.
That's probably the one thing I'd spend time with.
Wow.
We have to move on.
Is the John Carpenter who did the Halloween theme song that's related to the Sabrina Carpenter?
I don't think so.
Good question.
Yeah.
Carpenter is related to the Carpenter or John Carpenter is related.
I don't think they are related at all.
Um.
That was the extent of any Halloween segment I had because Halloween's on Monday from this Friday.
Yeah.
This comes out.
Um.
Plug.
What do you guys have going on?
We want to point the people to.
This is over already.
And I mean, finally.
That's 40 minutes.
I thought it was good.
Yeah.
If I'll pretty short to me.
I mean, I'm really mad at you.
But everything else was great.
Yeah.
Joel had some great lines in there.
Caleb too.
Maria.
What was the grape you said?
Scupernon.
I do.
I do feel like I need to finish that thought.
Which is just that my mom asked me if she wanted.
If I wanted her to male.
Me grapes.
And.
I said no.
Is that what a scupper not is.
The grape that gets mailed to you.
No.
Spell it and describe it.
Yes.
C U P E R N O N.
Maybe something like that.
It's a grape that has a really thick shell.
So you like.
You bite it.
Take the flesh from the inside of it.
And then spit out seeds and like throw away this.
Like outside.
Sounds like a peanut.
Kind of.
I mean, it's not crunchy.
Like it's a, you know, like a soft.
Rind of sorts.
And then gets a southern thing.
Other.
Good.
But I don't want the mailed to me.
Last year my mom mailed them to me in a jewelry box.
I can't stress this another.
She's the box in the mail.
That was empty.
And it looked like a card or jewelry box.
And I opened it.
And there was just a bag.
Not refrigerator.
Oh, I'm wasting our lives.
It's a, it's a Friday.
I'm just going to do this.
That was work.
I learned about grapes in a box in a bag.
It's a bag in a bag in a bag in a bag in a bag in a bag.
In an envelope.
Hela, where do you want to plug?
Um.
Okay, head gum, gum ball.
Everywhere.
Follow, please.
K. L. L.
I'm already Twitter and Instagram.
I don't know.
What do we have going on these days?
Uh, I get to get to get to.
I'm happy.
What she said.
I remember third.
Um, it was my birthday.
This past Monday.
You just wins.
Does he said that?
Yeah, I got old.
I'm the oldest one in this room.
I think.
Patrick.
Confirmed.
Uh.
Let's bring pie.
Ah.
That's it.
He breathes dust.
You guys.
He's already for an attic man.
Joel.
Uh, yes.
Follow head gum.
Follow gum ball.
If you want to follow me.
That's Joel man.
Done off on Instagram.
Think about making a good read.
Cool.
Um.
And yeah.
Learn to gritty.
Tag us.
I thought your last name was Man Droth.
Dan Droth for men.
It's actually pretty good.
What is it?
Men done off.
My last name was just done off.
Oh.
The man is sort of, you know,
Joel the man.
Done off.
No.
Joel man.
So your first name is Joel man.
No, it's my first name.
My first name is Joel.
My last name is done off.
Okay.
Middle name.
You know, people make funny Instagram handles.
Okay.
No, I don't.
Don't know if sounds like a Scottish Aberdechery.
Like don't.
Yeah.
Or like.
I done off.
Something.
Yeah.
My dad when he was running for like student body president or something.
There was a run off.
Yeah.
My dad when he was running for governor Pennsylvania or some shit.
That's Droth.
So he made pins that said done off in the runoff.
What?
That's good.
Yeah.
Expecting a runoff.
No, in the runoff.
There was a runoff.
Okay.
Yeah.
And then do you want?
No.
I was leaving.
Oh.
Now's your chance.
You're not going to say pile.
Come in.
Do you feel better now?
Actually, can you step on to the carpet?
There you go.
I do feel better now.
Thank you.
Hi.
I'm our way.
You throw up a really intricate game sign.
Yeah.
Who are you getting lunch with?
My old friends.
My old co-workers.
Did you have a good lunch?
Yeah.
Nice.
I'm so lame.
And now are you leaving?
You're going to say it.
Are you?
Okay.
Well, because we're doing another episode right after this.
Going to hop on.
Nah.
Who would want to do that?
Good to see you though.
Good to see you plug anything.
Check out the pit wall.
Oh, yeah.
Hunter reviews.
Bye.
Mercury.
What are you going on?
Yeah.
Did a pile check out the pit wall.
Follow the pit wall.
At pit wall.
Pod on Instagram.
And TikTok.
I don't think we've posted anything there yet.
And follow me.
At Marie Gailon on Twitter and Instagram.
And letter box.
Trying to get those letter box.
Followers to a thousand.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Really try and hard.
Please follow me there.
Yeah.
At JetBoard.
I'm 17 followers away from showing my ass.
Amen.
So I'm getting pretty nervous about that.
Yeah.
Do you have the picture prepared?
Or do you have to take a photo?
That's pretty good.
Wow.
Yeah.
We'll have to run them by the room.
Sure.
I think this is DOS.
I think the episode is fucking over.
Yeah.
That was a hit-dum original.